PEN behaved the same as N Continue the E to
The Iron Man of the Seikirei Clan,
who is known as Iron Man,
has asked me to ask him
for a favor.
You are the Iron Man of the Seikirei Clan
and the name of the Ura-nei-jimi,
aren't you?
Whether you are the Ura-nei or the Ninsou,
you are a good man.
You have a fair complexion,
and you are a fool who can't even see your knees.
You look like a great man.
You look like a very rich man.
You are a very rich man.
I have something to ask you.
Will you lend me another part of your money?
No, I'm a little rich.
If you don't want to give the Ura-nei-jimi
to the people,
you can take the Ura-nei-jimi
and ask them for a favor.
I want to hear your answer.
What do you think it is?
Is it a advice from the Jougei?
It's a small deal,
whether it's a small amount or a small amount.
If you want to buy it,
you can buy it yourself.
You liar.
Using the business
of living by charity I'm worried
about your money,
and I'm sure you share it.
I will take it.
I'm sure of it.
And bears came and Tanner is made
And the badbys help in three years
Jon quickly compared the two
And rock blurry
It s cute
Being poor is the exploit of a gilded clock
Service poor men!
Go on a donkey!